v3.0.0 release (#111)
circleguard/circlecore: source/representing-replays.rst

    All of the following objects are lazy-loaded. That is, they are as cheap
    as possible to instantiate, and only incur a loading penalty when
    necessary (see |cg.load|, |cg.load_info|, and |cg.run|).

Replay
------

A |Replay| is the most basic object of circlecore. One replay object represents
one play made by a user. We define two |Replay| subclasses.

ReplayMap
~~~~~~~~~

|ReplayMap| represents a replay by a user on a map. For instance,

.. code-block:: python

    r1 = ReplayMap(221777, 2757689)

represents the highest scoring replay by user ``2757689`` on map ``221777``. To
restrict this to a certain replay, specify a mods argument. This represents
specifically the ``HDHR`` play by the same user on the same map.

.. code-block:: python

    r1 = ReplayMap(221777, 2757689, mods=Mod.HD + Mod.HR)

While in this case these are identical replays, there are times a user has two
available replays on a map, with different mods. Because of how osu! stores
replays, it is impossible to have two available replays with the same
mod combination.

ReplayPath
~~~~~~~~~~

|ReplayPath| represents a replay stored locally in an ``osr`` file. For
instance,

.. code-block:: python

>     r2 = ReplayPath("/Users/tybug/Desktop/replays/replay1.osr")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    r2 = ReplayPath("./tests/resources/example_replay.osr")
```

Author: This code isn't meant to be run in a circlecore directory; I'm just giving an example path. Maybe `"/path/to/your/replay.osr` is better, but I think a real example of a path works too.

Using the test osrs is just confusing.

Reviewer: yea, `"/path/to/your/replay.osr"` works way better, `"/Users/tybug/Desktop/replays/replay1.osr"` just feels unpolished imo.

> represents the replay in the file ``/Users/tybug/Desktop/replays/replay1.osr``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents the replay in the file ``./tests/resources/example_replay.osr``.
```
